The Inokai cabinet was suddenly introduced at the end of last year.
The world did not understand why it had to be the Inokai cabinet.
The relationship between the Inokai cabinet and the people was so far.
The Inokai cabinet was disbanded and the people were asked to help.
It is strange.
However, if the Inokai cabinet is to be disbanded, it is natural to first claim the government's first position and then put the argument on the other side.
I think that the Inokai cabinet is not able to remember that the People's Party of Japan disbanded the 57th parliament and gave enough opportunity for debate to the opposition party.
In the Inokai cabinet, the opposition party representatives were not allowed to ask questions.
The Inokai cabinet was disbanded at the moment when the tax speech of the Takahashi-zo-shou was over.
Since the first parliament, the Inokai cabinet has always sacrificed its power to the people and has made a great contribution to the people's well-being.
In other words, the Inokai cabinet is not able to stand up to the opposition's justice debate in the parliament and is blocked.
Even if it is considered to be a defense against the people's self-defense, I think that the words of the parliament are not there.
Also, the Manshu incident requires the cooperation of the Imperial Council.
I must say that the people and the parliament are still in a state of dismay.